So you're going to go through with it, then," Gandalf the Wizard said sslowly.s     "I am," Bilbo replied. "I've been planning this for a long time. sIt'll give the Hobbits of the Shire something to talk about for the next snine days - or ninety-nine, more likely. Anyway, at least I'll have my slittle joke."s     "Who will laugh, I wonder?" Gandalf mused aloud, scratching his sbeard idly.ss     For weeks carts and caravans were coming from all over Middle-earth sto bring provisions for the Grand Old Party, as Bilbo referred to it. sWagons of food from the Dwarvish mines at Erebor, shiny rocks from the sSea-elves and fancy seductive packages from southern Mirkwood arrived sdaily, making the neighborhood generally more crowded and cluttering up savenues. Even those who hadn't said anything bad about Bilbo before were sstarting to show their annoyance. "Mr. Bilbo Baggins is starting to get a smite annoying," old Gaffer Gamgee grumbled, standing outside the pub. s"Queer goings-on, and no mistake. Why just yesterday a bunch o' pesky sWood-elves dragged their cart right acrost my yard and ruined my taters!"s     "A bunch of Men from Bree came to my place yesterday and tried to ssell me some aluminum siding," mused Old Noakes of Bywater. "They said it swas because they had extra after building that horrible Quonset hut over sthe Party Tree, and they were trying to unload it. Strange folk shereabouts."s     "Yes, but it's good for the economy," sneered Bill Ferny, the local sbanker. "A lot more money in circulation. Market's been doing well. sUnionization is down because of all the entry-level service positions sthat are being created. Widening gap between the haves and have-nots, sdon't you think? Good to find work for idle hands."s     "And you don't know nothin' about anythin', Ferny," Gaffer Gamgee ssnapped, echoing the popular community sentiment. "Mr. Bilbo Baggins is a sright bastard, as I've often said, and it's small wonder if trouble don't scome of him and his imperialist ways. The Revolution's a'comin', and it's sthe likes o'you who'll be the first ag'inst the wall, so sayeth the sLord." And with that he spat a well-aimed beer-nut into Ferny's glass.ss     At last the day of the Big Party arrived. Everywhere there was too smuch to eat, and by midafternoon there were broken presents lying all sover the Shire attesting to the low quality of their manufacture. Gandalf sset off a series of fireworks later on in the day, including great sskywriting missiles and little flaming butterflies who took to wing, ssailed off into the Eastfarthing and burned all its trees to the ground.s     The last firework sent up a great black smoke which took the shape sof a giant mountain of fire. A flicker could be seen of a giant dragon ssailing about its peak; after a moment the great dragon went sailing over sthe heads of the crowd, causing great panic and consternation and six soutright heart attacks before imploding somewhere over the sSackville-Baggins' neighborhood, causing considerable property damage swhich was never properly repaired for generations afterward.s     "That is the signal for supper!" Bilbo cried out to the survivors, swho were only partly mollified.s     Later on, in the specially-designed quonset hut which Bilbo had sbuilt especially for the occasion, all his friends and neighbors were shelping themselves to their third helpings of macaroni and cheese and spotato salad (the latter laced liberally with what Bilbo called the s"traditional secret ingredient", which while not actually a narcotic sstill had unusual effects, the sum of which were still under scientific sinquiry in some circles), Bilbo stood up and motioned for quiet. "A sspeech! A speech!" some of his neighbors cried out in fear.s     My dear Hobbits! Bilbo began. There was much cheering at this, sas Hobbits on the whole are a rather egocentric lot, and anyway the slatest round of potato salad was beginning to kick in.s     My dear Bagginses and Bracegirdles, Boffins and Borfledebees, sCasmits and Cantankerums, Fassbinders and Fazoolas, Wombats and sWafflefoots. "WaffleFEET!" cried out an irate old man at the back, in sfact the very man who had earned the name when Bilbo's nephew Frodo had saccidentally dropped a hot waffle-iron on his feet some years ago. He had sborne the Bagginses no ill-will, since the settlement was quite generous.s     Wafflefoots, continued Bilbo, oblivious. This is my nine hundreth sbirthday! And though one million years is too short a time to have spent swith you all...s     There was some muffled conversation throughout the hall, which Bilbo stook notice of. Well, on bad days it seems like a million years, he sexplained. Anyway, though ten billion years is long enough to endure sfrom all of you, this is IT... I am GOING... I am leaving NOW... sGoodBYE! And with that Bilbo leaped up, tore all his clothes off, sscattering them about the astonished guests' heads, and ran from the sgreat Hut screaming and flailing his arms.s     Young Frodo looked on in bemusement, refusing to answer questions sfrom the astonished crowd. Everyone knew, of course, that Bilbo was a big sman in the community. But - and Frodo looked at the crowd, particularly snoting the astonishment on old Lobelia's face - until now, nobody knew just show big.